Updates to generate windows library (#103)
siemens/gencmpclient: CMakeLists.txt

  set(GENCMPCLIENT_VERSION ${GENCMPCLIENT_VERSION_MAJOR}.${GENCMPCLIENT_VERSION_MINOR})
endif()
message(STATUS "generic CMP client version " ${GENCMPCLIENT_VERSION})

> message(STATUS "Building STATIC library")

Reviewer: We must not modify the default behavior. You can add new compilation option for building static library.

Reviewer 2: Yes.
Doing so, please mention the option also in `README.md`.

Author: Default option is kept as Shared and added compiler option for Static library. Updated the details in ReadMe

  endif()
endif()
message(STATUS "using OpenSSL library ${OPENSSL_CRYPTO_LIBRARY}, ${OPENSSL_SSL_LIBRARY}")
# Handle cases where OPENSSL_CRYPTO_LIBRARY contains both debug and optimized versions
if(OPENSSL_CRYPTO_LIBRARY MATCHES "optimized|debug")
  # Extract the actual library paths from the optimized/debug list
  string(REGEX REPLACE ".*optimized;([^;]+).*" "\\1" OPENSSL_CRYPTO_LIB_RELEASE "${OPENSSL_CRYPTO_LIBRARY}")
  string(REGEX REPLACE ".*debug;([^;]+).*" "\\1" OPENSSL_CRYPTO_LIB_DEBUG "${OPENSSL_CRYPTO_LIBRARY}")
  
  # Check if at least one version exists
  set(CRYPTO_LIB_EXISTS FALSE)
  if(DEFINED OPENSSL_CRYPTO_LIB_RELEASE AND EXISTS "${OPENSSL_CRYPTO_LIB_RELEASE}")
    set(CRYPTO_LIB_EXISTS TRUE)
  endif()
  if(DEFINED OPENSSL_CRYPTO_LIB_DEBUG AND EXISTS "${OPENSSL_CRYPTO_LIB_DEBUG}")
    set(CRYPTO_LIB_EXISTS TRUE)
  endif()
  
  if(NOT CRYPTO_LIB_EXISTS)

>     message(FATAL_ERROR "Neither OpenSSL crypto library exists: ${OPENSSL_CRYPTO_LIBRARY}")

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    message(FATAL_ERROR "No OpenSSL crypto library file (neither optimized or debug variant) found for: ${OPENSSL_CRYPTO_LIBRARY}")
```

add_compile_definitions(DEBUG_UNUSED)
add_compile_definitions(PEDANTIC)

if(MSVC)
  # MSVC compiler flags
  add_compile_options(/W4)  # High warning level
  add_compile_options(/wd4996)  # Disable deprecated function warnings
  add_compile_definitions(_CRT_SECURE_NO_WARNINGS)
else()
  # GCC/Clang compiler flags
  add_compile_options(-pedantic) # -Werror is enabled only for development and CI, using Makefile_v1 without NDEBUG
  add_compile_options(
    -Wall -Woverflow -Wextra -Wmissing-prototypes -Wstrict-prototypes -Wswitch
    -Wsign-compare -Wformat -Wtype-limits -Wundef -Wconversion -Wunused-parameter)
  add_compile_options(-Wno-c99-extensions -Wno-language-extension-token -Wno-declaration-after-statement -Wno-expansion-to-defined)
  if(NOT DEFINED GENCMP_NO_SECUTILS)
    add_compile_options(-Wno-sign-conversion -Wno-shorten-64-to-32 -Wno-shadow)

>   endif()

Author: Done

# target_compile_features(${LIBGENCMP_NAME} PRIVATE c_std_90)
# target_compile_features(cmpClient         PRIVATE c_std_90)

> add_library(${LIBGENCMP_NAME} STATIC

Reviewer: As above, we must not change the default behaviour.
